This presentation is from the 2013 website
for the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration.
this organization is more
commonly known as NASA.
NASA studies space
exploration and travel.
In this presentation several students
discuss the process of recycling water,
and why this is important for NASA
astronauts to do while in space.
Listen to the presentation, and then
answer the questions that follow.
RJ:
Hi I'm RJ with another NASA Fact.
Did you know astronauts will
recycle water in space?
Speaker 2:
I understand we can recycle
newspapers but water?
RJ:
Nature already recycles water on earth
in the water cycle, rain falls,
evaporates back into the atmosphere,
and falls as rain again.
Cities even recycle water
that goes down the drain.
It is collected cleaned and reused.
Speaker 2:
That makes sense, but how can
astronauts recycle water?
RJ:
NASA is working on a water recycling
system for long trips to Mars.
They could never carry enough
fresh water for this trip.
Water will be collected from activities
like washing hands, and brushing teeth.
It is cleaned and used again.
Even sweat and urine will
be collected and recycled.
Speaker 2:
You mean they will drink
this recycled water?
RJ:
Don't worry,
NASA will make sure this water
is cleaner than your tap water.
To find out more check out our website.
Until next time, I'm RJ
with another cool NASA fact.